docs/add info coinbasepro (#2189)
CoinAlpha/hummingbot: documentation/docs/connectors/coinbase.md

* [What are the fees on Coinbase Pro?](https://help.coinbase.com/en/pro/trading-and-funding/trading-rules-and-fees/fees.html)

Users can override the default fees by editing [`conf_fee_overrides.yml`](/advanced/fee-overrides/).

### Trading Pair Limitations

> Coinbase Pro has trading pair limitations on certain regions.

Reviewer: Coinbase Pro has trading pair limitations on certain regions. Some countries have access to crypto/fiat trading pairs while other countries can only access crypto/crypto trading pairs.

Running Hummingbot with this connector on a pair that your country has no access to will result to this error:

```
OSError: Error fetching data from https://api.pro.coinbase.com/orders.
HTTP status is 400. {'message': 'Trading pair not available'}
```

> Read through their [article](https://help.coinbase.com/en/pro/trading-and-funding/cryptocurrency-trading-pairs/locations-and-trading-pairs) regarding their trading pair limitations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, read through their article below.

- [Locations and trading pairs](https://help.coinbase.com/en/pro/trading-and-funding/cryptocurrency-trading-pairs/locations-and-trading-pairs)
```

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/64377055/89886295-fa8de200-dbfe-11ea-950b-468611a12011.png)
